# smartjoules
Smart Joules Hackathon
This API verifies that the uuid passed in the request parameter has been generated by the application itself. If it doesn't exist, it will respond with a 403 status code with the following response: message: "UUID is not recognised." This api is rate limited if the user try to login more than 10 times in a minute sends a response code 429 message: "API check was succesfull!" balance:Randomly generated number eg:2378

With MongoDB Atlas, your self-healing clusters are made up of geographically distributed database instances to ensure no single point of failure. Want even better availability guarantees? Get multi-region fault tolerance by enabling cross-region replication. MongoDB Atlas also includes powerful features to enhance reliability for your mission-critical production databases, such as continuous backups and point-in-time recovery.

- Generate a random UUID using some npm package.
    - Route: `http://localhost:1337/generateUuid`
    - POST request without any request parameters
    - Response with `201` status code:
    
    ```jsx
    {
    	uuid: "ef4f3c7e-e7c8-4c4d-862d-d4a444fdaffd"
    }
    ```
    
- API Check
    - Route: `http://localhost:1337/check-balance`
    - GET request with the following query parameter
    
    ```jsx
    {
    	uuid: "ef4f3c7e-e7c8-4c4d-862d-d4a444fdaffd"
    }
    ```
    
    - Notes:
        - This API verifies that the `uuid` passed in the request parameter has been generated by the application itself. If it doesn't exist, it will respond with a `403`  status code with the following response:
        
        ```jsx
        {
        	message: "UUID is not recognised."
        }
        ```
        
        - In case the API is not rate limited
            - Generate a random number between 1000 and 2000 and send it in the `balance` key
            - it will send the following response with a `200` status code:
        
        ```jsx
        {
        	message: "API check was succesfull!",
        	balance: 1569 //Randomly generated number
        }
        ```
        
        - In case the API is rate limited, it will send the following response with a `429` status code:
        
        ```jsx
        {
        	message: "API has exceeded more than 10 times in the last minute."
        }
        ```
        npm start
Runs the app in the development mode.
Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

npm test
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.
See the section about running tests for more information.

npm run build
Builds the app for production to the build folder.
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about deployment for more information.

npm run eject
Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you eject, you can’t go back!

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can eject at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except eject will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use eject. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.
        
